FW: Halverson - Mozambique CCP
Hi Patrick,
We have received details of a CCP request from
Halverson Industries, a global leader in engineering and construction for the energy and infrastructure sectors,
focusing on offshore/onshore drilling.
We understand that
Halverson has entered into a joint venture agreement with
Kraftmann Engineering Group /
Stellaris Systems / Northbridge Manufacturing (“JV”) and this JV was awarded the contract for the engineering,
procurement and construction of the onshore LNG project in Mozambique in
July 2020. This JV will enter into a 62-month lease agreement for c. USD 54.4m of vehicles/equipment to be
used to construct a LNG plant within the Afungi LNG Park.
Please see the information provided below:
QUOTE
“The Mozambique Rovuma LNG Phase 1 Project is aimed at the development of the Mozambique Area 4 fields,
with a Liquified Natural Gas [LNG] Plant to be constructed within the "Afungi LNG Park" shared by MRV Area 4
with
TotalEnergies Area 1, inside the perimeter of the DUAT (Direito de Uso e Aproveitamento da Terra) in the
Afungi Peninsula, see map below.
Personnel and equipment dedicated to the construction of the LNG Plant will all be accommodated and located
inside the perimeter of the DUAT.  To protect the DUAT from external threats, based on a continuous process
of Threat Analysis and Risk Assessment, the following security mitigating measures have been implemented to
reduce existing risks to As Low As Reasonably Practicable (ALARP) levels, the industry best practice. These
mitigating measures include, but are not
limited to:
* A complete double layer High Security Fence perimeter along the DUAT perimeter.
* 24/7 manned Watchtowers positioned along the perimeter.
* Controlled entry points to the DUAT, with a fully integrated access control system.  Strict access control
procedures are implemented to control both personnel and movement of equipment
between internal working areas.
* A robust contingent of Mozambican and Rwandan military and police forces, designated as the Protection
Force (PF), is dedicated to the protection of the DUAT and the Nearshore Maritime
Area.
* The marine area currently used for cargo loading/unloading is ISPS certified.
* The airport is located within the DUAT, as well as all accommodation camps.
As far as project equipment is concerned, once inspected on arrival by boat, movements of equipment are
limited to within the DUAT perimeter.  As such, the risk of theft is low, as all movements of equipment have to
be authorized, based on existing journey management and asset control procedures. Petty theft of small
personal items cannot be discounted, but it is minimized by travel/security inductions and continuing active
security awareness campaigns among personnel.
Furthermore, to minimize overall project risks, all project personnel, locals and expatriates, are subject to
pre-employment vetting, in line with existing applicable laws.
In conclusion, personnel and equipment employed to execute the Mozambique Rovuma LNG Phase 1 Project
within the DUAT
are exposed to Low Threat levels, unlike other areas of the Cabo Delgado Province, as a result of effective,
existing, and planned security mitigating measures.”
UNQUOTE
* Please may you confirm that reference to the ‘JV’ relates to the JV between
Halverson and Kraftmann Engineering Group /
Stellaris Systems / Northbridge Manufacturing? What is the domicile of the JV (local or offshore)? Who will the
insured be
under the policy?
* We understand that this JV has entered into a 62-month lease agreement for various vehicles/equipment to be
used on the Rovuma project. Who
is this lease agreement with? Under the terms of this lease agreement, is the JV (or
Halverson) contractually obliged to repay fixed sums to the lessor in the event of damage to or loss of
vehicles/equipment? If so, do you know how these sums are calculated? Will any of the equipment be
re-exported during the
lifetime of the lease agreement?
* Given Exxon only lifted force majeure on the Rovuma project a few months ago following the security incident
in 2021, does
Halverson (or the JV) have a demobilisation plan (in addition to the security / risk assessment plan outlined
below)?
We have asked the above questions and am awaiting responses, but we have been asked to provide a very
rough indication based on the information currently available.
Halverson / the JV has sought a standalone Political Violence Insurance quote and, as such, we have stripped
this out of our request.
Very much subject to full underwriting information to be provided in due course, please may you advise on
appetite and pricing on the basis of the following?
Insured:
Halverson (or JV) (TBC)
Cover: Comprehensive Contractors Plant Insurance (“CCP”):
*
Expropriation
*
Deprivation
*
Forced Abandonment
Host Country: Mozambique
Insured Equipment: Vehicles and equipment (as per the attached spreadsheet)
Policy Limit:
USD 70,000,000 in the aggregate
Policy Period:
*
Option 1: 36 months
*
Option 2: 62 months
I am available should you wish to discuss and look forward to hearing from you.
Kind regards,
John Doe
Ironvale Risk Partners
+44 7777 333 111
Confidential
