From: Draper, Calum <Calum.Draper@lockton.com>
To: Adcock, Harrison <Harrison.Adcock@awac.com>
CC: Jankojc, Adrian <Adrian.Jankojc@lockton.com>; Mackay, Angus <Angus.MacKay@lockton.com>
Forwarded to: Nexa EU Submissions <opssubmissions@awac.com>
Date: Friday, 15 May 2026 — Forwarded by Harrison Adcock on Wednesday, 20 May 2026

---

Hi Harrison,

Hope you've had a good week.

Please see enclosed a new submission from Funk (Poland).


INSURED DETAILS

Insured: AGROMAKS
Website: https://agromaks.pl/main-en/
Business Description: AGROMAKS is a pet food supply-chain company that processes animal by-products into ingredients (proteins and fats), trades them, and supports distribution through storage and logistics services.
Domicile: Poland
Inception: 30/06


COVERAGE DETAILS

Line of Business: General Liability (GL) / Product Liability (PL)
Note: We are only seeking the GL covers. Recall can be absolutely excluded — our team are looking at that separately.
Slip: Attached (as referenced in original submission)


BROKER DETAILS

Broker: Lockton Companies LLP
Contact: Calum Draper — Vice President, International Casualty - P&C Specialties
Email: calum.draper@lockton.com
Mobile: +44 (0)7535 974213
Website: global.lockton.com

Co-brokers:
  - Adrian Jankojc — Adrian.Jankojc@lockton.com
  - Angus MacKay — Angus.MacKay@lockton.com

Lockton Entity (Non-EEA Placements): Lockton Companies LLP, registered in England & Wales, The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London EC3A 7AG, United Kingdom. Company No. OC353198. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

Lockton Entity (EEA Placements): Lockton European Brokers Limited - UK Branch, registered in England and Wales, Company No. FC037878, The St Botolph Building, 138 Houndsditch, London EC3A 7AG, United Kingdom. Branch of Lockton European Brokers Limited, registered in Malta at the Malta Business Registry, Company No. C60331, Level 4, 4 Sappers Street, Valletta VLT 1320, Malta. Authorised and regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority (UK).


ACTION REQUIRED

Please confirm if this submission is of interest.

Thanks,
Calum


---
DISCLAIMER: This email together with any attachments is for the exclusive and confidential use of the addressee(s) and may contain legally privileged information. Any other distribution, use or reproduction without the sender's prior consent is unauthorised and strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender by email immediately and delete the message from your computer without making any copies. While attachments are virus checked, the recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. We accept no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete or contain viruses. For more information about how we use your personal data please see our full privacy notice, available online on our website or in other formats on request.

IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT FRAUD AND PHISHING ATTACKS: If you receive an email that appears to come from us which indicates a change of bank details, it is unlikely to be genuine. Our bank account details WILL NOT change during the course of a transaction and we WILL NOT notify you of bank details in the body of an email. If you are ever unsure about the validity of account details provided, you are advised to verify the details before transferring any monies. Do not reply to any email advising of a change to bank details or act on any information contained within such an email. Please contact us immediately if this happens. We accept no responsibility for monies transferred into an incorrect account.
